get# ATT-Data-Breach-Recovery
Know how to secure your funds due to corporate data breaches
September 3, 2025

AT&T is yet another major corporation to fall victim to a massive customer data breach. Over 70 Million customers worldwide were put at risk when hackers were able to infilitrate AT&T servers and gather sensitive, private information that include, phone numbers, addresses, birthdates and even social securoty numbers. What is shocking to note is that AT&T has allowed this to happen multiple times. The first attack being in March 2024, attackers were able to successfully seize and market client information on the dark web for sale. Major companies across the globe, especially major celluar and internet providers pride themselves in having top of the line cyber security teams and secure protocols that prevent hackers from causing data infiltration. However, AT&T failed to address the threat on the data breach in March of 2024 and another attack on the company occured just a few months later in July of 2024. This attack exposed, not only the phone numbers, but all of the celluar data of all current and past AT&T consumers, this includes call logs, text messages, and online traffic from cellular data. AT&T's lack of attention to address the initial threat caused many of its consumers and their data to be exposed. The 2nd attack shows the both the negligence of customer privacy and the incomptence to bolster security for the sake of consumer privacy.

AT&T  relesead a statement at the end of March addressing the  first data breach claiming that the source of information involved is unknown to be from AT&T itself or one of its many vendors/partners. These vendors help AT&T run its operation. Global powerhouses such as Amazon, Microsoft and Google allow cloud hosting so that AT&T can run their services remotely across the world. They get their equiment from popular vendor: Cisco, the worldwide leader in networking solutions and physical hardware. Even if you are not a direct AT&T customer  companies like CoreSite, Digital Realty, Equinix, and others to host AT&T services to host customer information in their data centers. Customers who have their phone under smaller mobile companies that include US Mobile, Red Pocket, and Cricket Wireless were all potentially at risk of data information being stolen, misued and marketed for sale on the dark web. After an investigation by AT&T, they deemed the cause of the data breach was due to an illegal download on one of its partner 3rd party cloud platforms. Partnerships with companies that have vulnerabilities in security is not new in the world where major tech companies need to outsource their workload to willing up and coming vendors, unfortunately this can lead to problems like this- 

What can you do if you feel that you were involved? AT&T has recently reached a class action settlement in a lawsuit against them for all the clients who were put at risk and affected in this incident. The lawsuit hearings landed a $177 Million dollar settlemeent for anyone who may have been involved in the attacks. If you are a current customer of AT&T or one of its partner companies, you are now eligible to file a claim and can recieve up to $7500. Even if you were a client for AT&T or any of its partners dating back to 2019 you may qualify. Last day to file a claim is on November 18. Collect yours now.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ---

As a former customer of Cricket wireless I was disappointed but not surprised. To be honest with many Major Cellular companies taking over smaller ones and providing them with access to their network in exchange for outreach and company diversity it didnt bother me to get LTE coverage from a partnering company. I value privacy and was satisfied with the service at a premium cost. Seeing the news reports however left an unfortunate feeling with me as I had been with the company for years. I thought to myself, that might be the problem when a major cell company starts network sharing  and buying out competition to become a parent company: Security. Cricket has been apart of the AT&T network since the company was bought back in 2014, becoming their primary pre paid company as Cricket Wireless. Customers have been integrated into the speed of the AT&T LTE network and cricket continues to grow and expand its brand to over 12 million users.  I first remember when T-mobile first made headlines for merging with  Metro PCS in 2013. At the time, I was young and figured this was great for me (I had metro pcs at the time) because my network would expand across the country so that I'd still get connection even when I'm in the middle of nowhere. It was still the early 2010s and I let the naivety get to my head. I had no problems with Metro PCS, affordable phone plans and reliable service. All I needed to get through the day. Now that over a decade has passed and cyber security is becoming a new topic of discussion for millions of Americans and those  across the world. I'm starting to see not only the benefits but also the lingering risks of companies taking on the responsibility of being a parent company. Every company functions differently, having their own protocols handling tasks from: Employee Human Resources to IT helpdesk, Cybersecurity, all the way to customer service. Outsourcing various branches of operations to companies dedicated to those services has been not only been efficient but has become the new normal. Vendors have been apart of this world of onboarding company responsibility for years. But like most things, nothing is perfect. Things slip through the cracks. The infrastructure of a company in charge of cloud based customer information will not be the same as the webpage of their parent company. Employees will be different, Managers, office space, even what who is in charge of cleanup - will all be different. Different budgets can afford different things. If there is a vulnerability in an area of a major company, a hacker will exploit it. And unfortunately, for major corporations, hackers are getting smarter and more effective at what they do. More sophisticated attacks and more discrete methods of procedure. The growing rise of Artificial Intelligence is also playing a major role in everything today. It helps businesses set up more secure structures but also is being used by attackers to start more malicious attacks. We're in a new era where companies are starting to monopolize the market, hackers are equipped with the strongest gears of malware, and consumers have slowly given up privacy for leisure just to have everything at their fingertips. I still believe the customer comes first and security is at the top of that concern for me. Yes, a settlement was reached to reimburse customers, they deserve some sort of compensation. $7500 sounds like a nice check. Is the money worth it though, knowing your information is scattered who knows where. If you ask me, Id rather be protected. I select my companies based on the services they can provide and the convience they offer. Ive been with multiple cellular companies over the years and if there's one thing I know, you cant put a price on privacy and security. 